 很全的工具包，列表如下 
2323.exe         gettype.exe     ntfsinfo.exe         rshsvc.dll 
addusers.exe     gina.reg         ntis.exe             rshsvc.exe 
afind.exe         grep.exe         ntlast.exe           RunAsEx.exe 
aspcode.exe       hd.exe           NTLM.EXE             scanreg1.exe 
audited.exe       help.txt         ntscomp.exe           SCANREG.EXE 
browselist.exe   hostname.exe     pathman.exe           sfind1.exe 
cat.exe           HScan.exe       pc.EXE               SFind.exe 
cgicheck.exe     hunt.exe         permcopy.exe         showgrps.exe 
chmod.exe         ida.exe         perms.exe             showpass.exe 
chown.exe         IDAHack.exe     PipeCmd.exe           shutdown1.exe 
CleanIISLog.exe   IdqOverGUI.exe   ps.exe               Shutdown.exe 
clearmem.exe     iishack4.exe     PSKILL.EXE           snmputil.exe 
clog.exe         iissample.exe   pslist.exe           SpringFlood.exe 
cmd.reg           instsrv.exe     pt.exe               sqlcheck.exe 
COMMAND.COM       IPCFind.txt     ptree.exe             sqlcmd.exe 
COMMAND.PIF       IPCPass.txt     RangeScan.exe         sqlrcmd.exe 
concon.com       ipeye.exe       Rar.exe               srvcheck.exe 
cpustres.exe     kill.exe         rclient.exe           SRV.EXE 
cygwin.dll       letmein.exe     rcmd.exe             su.exe 
daclchk.exe       linkd.exe       rcmdsvc.exe           superscan3.0.exe 
desktop.ini       list.exe         rconmode.exe         TELNET.EXE 
dieserv.exe       ln.exe           rconmsg.dll           TFTPD32.EXE 
dig.exe           local.exe       rconstat.exe         tftp.exe 
diskmap.exe       ls.exe           rconsvc.exe           top.exe 
dnsid.exe         mcast.exe       rcruncmd.exe         touch.exe 
expand.exe       MFM1992         REGEDIT.EXE           tp.reg 
extract.exe       moveuser.exe     regfind.exe           twwwscan.exe 
filespy.exe       msvcp60.dll     regrest.exe           uptime.exe 
filestat.exe     mv.exe           rm.exe               upx.exe 
findoor.exe       myname.asp       ROTS.vbs             w.exe 
finger.exe       NAT.EXE         rpcdump_d.htm         wget.exe 
FPipe.exe         nbtdump.exe     rpcdump.exe           where.exe 
fscan.exe         nc.exe           rpcdump_license.txt   whoami.exe 
FsHttp.exe       nesscan.exe     rpings.exe           winfo.exe 
FsPop.exe         nethacker.exe   rsetup.exe           winschk.exe 
FsSniffer.exe     netsvc.exe       rshsetup.exe         winshell.exe 
getsid.exe       NTCmd.exe       rshsvc.bat           xsniff.exe 


http://hi.baidu.com/Lw0vr3